Welcome to the 2018 “Be Courageous”!
Regional Convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Each year,
our convention is a highlight of our worship.
We know that you’ve been looking forward
to this year’s program.
Why has the Governing Body
arranged for three days of Scriptural instruction
on the subject of courage?
All around the earth,
our brothers and sisters
are showing godly courage.
Still, it can be a challenge
to do so when faced with various trials.
As world conditions worsen,
all of us can expect to face
greater tests of our courage in the future.
Soon this world will experience
the foretold great tribulation.
At that time, we’ll no doubt need
to act with courage as never before.
In addition,
Jehovah has assigned us the vital work
of preaching the good news.
This work is refreshing, and it brings us great joy.
But I’m sure you’ll agree that we need courage
so that we can fully accomplish our ministry,
especially in difficult times.
We hope that this convention
will strengthen you to be courageous now
and help you to be prepared
for what lies just ahead.
Why does Jehovah allow his servants
whom he loves
to face situations that call for courage?
After all,
he has the power to remove any trial.
And he could accomplish
the preaching work by another means.
Let’s consider the bigger issues involved.
Satan has challenged
the rightfulness of Jehovah’s rule,
and he has questioned
our motives for serving God.
By not shielding us from all trials,
Jehovah grants us the privilege
of making a reply to Satan.
Furthermore,
Jehovah honors us by allowing us to preach
and bear witness to His name.
At Luke 22:31,
Jesus told Simon Peter:
“Look! Satan has demanded
to have all of you
to sift you as wheat.”
Should we fear
the Devil’s efforts to break our integrity?
Absolutely not!
We agree with Psalm 46:1, which says:
“God is our refuge and strength.”
As loyal servants of Jehovah,
we’re under the protective care
of the Almighty himself.
During the next three days,
you’ll see how Jehovah
has been a refuge for his people
in both ancient and modern times.
And you’ll learn how Jehovah
helps us to show courage.
Please pay careful attention
to the entire program.
May Jehovah bless and reward you
for the love you show for his name.